Update t1_coronavirus_symptom_tracker.md (#121)
zuedev/coronavirus-toolkit: docs/tools/t1_coronavirus_symptom_tracker.md

## T1: Coronavirus Symptom Tracker

<a href="/T1-Coronavirus_Symptom_Tracker_v5.pdf" target="_blank">
    <img class="downloadtools" src="/download-tools.png" />
</a>

### Why is the tool helpful to you?

> The following symptoms of Coronavirus helps you decide what to do next. The most common symptoms of Coronavirus are recent onset of:

Reviewer: The first sentence doesn't make any sense.

> The following symptoms of Coronavirus helps you decide what to do next. The most common symptoms of Coronavirus are recent onset of:

Author: ```suggestion
Knowing if anyone has symptoms of coronavirus helps you decide what to do next. The most common symptoms of Coronavirus are recent onset of:
```

| United Kingdom | [PatientAccess Online Symptom Checker](https://www.patientaccess.com/coronavirus)                                       |
| United Kingdom | [COVID-19 Symptom Checker (NHS Wales)](https://www.nhsdirect.wales.nhs.uk/SelfAssessments/symptomcheckers/COVID19.aspx) |
| United States  | [CDC Symptom Self-Checker](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/symptoms-testing/index.html)                       |

### Example

- Each row represents a different date. 
- Each column a different person in your household. 
- Track temperature (°F or °C) and cough symptoms (Y / N) every day at the same time. 
- The table below shows an example -- everything is asymptomatic ('normal') until 28 Mar for person B. 
- A template table for your household is provided overleaf. 

| Date ↓ Name | A      | B       | C      |
| ----------- | ------ | ------- | ------ |
| 25 Mar 20   | 98.3 N | 98.6 N  | 98.5 N |
| 26 Mar 20   | 98.1 N | 98.8 N  | 98.6 N |
| 27 Mar 20   | 98.4 N | 99.6 N  | 99.3 N |
| 28 Mar 20   | 98.4 N | 100.4 Y | 98.6 N |

### Other Causes of Body Temperature Variation

> There are other factors that effect body temperature ([Web MD](https://www.webmd.com/first-aid/qa/what-can-make-my-body-temperature-change)). 

Reviewer: affect, rather than effect

> There are other factors that effect body temperature ([Web MD](https://www.webmd.com/first-aid/qa/what-can-make-my-body-temperature-change)). 

Author: ```suggestion
There are other factors that affect body temperature ([Web MD](https://www.webmd.com/first-aid/qa/what-can-make-my-body-temperature-change)). 
```
